# TaskTicker

Allows to queue tasks to be executed at a given interval, it can
be used as a throttling mechanism, also supporting to retry failed
tasks with a configurable backoff algorithm.

Each queued task returns a *promise* to trigger some additional
logic or listen for timeout errors. If the queued element is a
promise or returns one the scheduler logic will be bound to it.


> Note: When running on the browser you'll need a `Promise` shim
  or assign an ES6 Promise implementation to `TaskTicker.Promise`.


## Usage

```js
    var ticker = TaskTicker(0.100)
    ticker.queue('foo')
    .then(function (data) { assert(data === 'foo') });
    ticker.queue(function (elapsed) {
        return 'processed after ' + elapsed + 'ms';
    })

    ticker.queue(function () {
        return getPromise('/path/to/resource');
    }).then(function (data) {
        console.log(data);
    }).catch(function (error) {
        if (error instanceof TaskTicker.Error)
            console.log('The task has timed out or was canceled!');
    });
```

The constructor also allows to pass an options argument to further
configure the behaviour:

    interval: Number -- Seconds to pass between tasks
    timeout: Number  -- Maximum number of seconds to wait for the task to
                        be executed, including retries, if the time is
                        reached the promise is rejected with TaskTicker.Error
    retries: Number  -- Maximum number of retries for the execution of the
                        task before it's rejected with the generated error.
    backoff: Number  -- Base to calculate the exponential backoff between
             Function   retries or a function receiving the current retry
                        number as argument and returning the backoff delay
                        in seconds.

When queuing tasks with the `.queue` method, we can either provide a
function to be executed or simply some data value to be returned. In any
case the method will return a promise that will either be fulfilled or
rejected.

> Note that the ticker understands promises, so if your tasks generates
one it'll automatically wire its logic into your promise, meaning that
flow control with retries or timeout are also in effect for the duration
of your asynchronous operations.


## License

    The MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2012 Iván -DrSlump- Montes

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
    a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
    'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
    without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
    distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
    permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
    the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
    included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
    EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
    IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
    CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
    TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
    SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
